Blogging so I'm not the option of these fear heights of ability is do aktiv filer and respon So of course
we need to enable the provocative heights of abilities before be able to make any change.
So David spear heads of ability know also detect the hard work condition of the ears.
I Haas this is due to the height of BTD wrist band and Fila.
So no it's work out have it on the hardware.
It allows you to evacuees the virtual machine before the hardware issue cause an entourage vitrine machine
with the help of proxy hides so proxy hides ability works in conjunction with hardware Bon-Bon monotone
installation to receive the health you of the hardware component such as the memory the fans the power
supply etc..
So you can configure the for height and ability to respond according to filer of hardware components.
This future proactively await the virtual machine down times by detecting the hardware files and blast
that E-6 I host into cantin mode.
So this future activity of the virtual machine downtimes by detecting hardware firewall and blast that
E6 I host in the current mode or in the maintenance mode based on configuration option this option right.
You need to have the dear S in public on the cluster to make use of proactive of course you need to
have this for the rest of the.
If you don't have the DNS enabled in this cluster the proxy height of ability will not be available
in your cluster.
So if any hardware component is firelit and it is markets as in healthy by buy hardware monitoring this
spear will classify the afflicted a host as either a moderately degraded or severely degraded.
Was it on the component of Filer dispirit plus that's a fixed it is x.
I hauled into new states call it current in mold.
So in the current mode there is when not used E6 I host derrieres will eliminate that.
I have a file and put it into current mode.
And I've read using it in your virtual machine plus mint and also is will attempt to invoke the host
as long as it will not cause performance issues.
You can also configure proxy of heights to place to degraded E6 I was into maintenance mode.
We performed a valuation of virtual machine to other healthy Isak's I housed in the cluster so proxy
hides we can respond to a different type of Filer.
Currently there are five fire event that are supported.
We have the power supply the memory the fund the storage and the network if the proxy of height ability
to detect any is true in those five hardware the power supply or the money to fund Tostado network it
will take action.
This has ease in a filer situation.
So how to configure the proxy hides.
Of course after enabling the proxy hides from this place highlighted we're back to proactive hides and
we have the option to chose automation.
LEVIN We have manually and automated.
So if we click on the device it's very simple manually recentre set of rules to just migration accommodation
on your machine.
When he did text up filer at the level of the hardware that's me.
The hostilely work bots have a finer detection of the hardware that's mean up performance deterioration
in the hardware.
We have some performance determination as to look at the hardware but the holes still work without any
problem.
So when we chose manually the proxy of hide well do just migration for the virtual machine.
It will give you on that occasion to do the migration.
Then we have automated that's me but let's do a proxy fight.
IBT to work alone automatically.
So the video machine will be migrated to a whole host and degraded host will be intruded into content
or mental and more dependent on the configuration proxy of hides the automation levade.
It's about a little bit of a file.
So we have the remediation that's mean that shows actually might take when he gets an order or our performance
duration in the hardware.
So we have three option the current mode mix mode and the maintenance mode.
So the first one the current and mode for our fighter this option balance performance and availability
but we didn't do use out of Persily degraded host.
As long as virtual machine performance is in effect in simple they're not in your virtual machine edition
on the passio degraded Haast.
So we only have our Marcial degraded host so we have a situation Marcial degree Ditto's and cival degraded
Haast.
What is it severely filed Haast.
So in our partially degraded host the height of ability will put this horse in the current mode.
That's me here when Rockwell is trying to the desk to not migrate any virtual machine to this host.
That's me dislodges will be in the current Lamott not virtual machine will be added or migrated to this
house.
That's have the problem that of the Marcial degraded host.
So it will keep it through the machine performance enough except that it would keep it to or your machine
work in that house.
That's have a problem but not Nuvigil much would be migrated to this first.
Then we have the current mode for moderate and maintenance mode for severe filer that Skype didn't mix
it MMOG mixes between current and maintenance mode.
So it will keep the virtual machine running on the host for a moderated file but it will the video machine
for severe filers.
This option balance performance and availability but we didn't do users of moderately degraded holes
as long as virtual machine performance is you know exceed this.
Ensure that your machine does not run on severely filer Haast the situation will balance between the
performance and of ability.
It will give you the best performance in your environment in due cluster and also we'll try to give
you the most ability that you can have in this vigin machine.
So we is moderated.
Degraded host.
As long as virtual machine performance is fixed Did that mean if the performance of the cluster is infected
they will migrate to those virtual machine to another host.
But if he felt that win him it creates a virtual machine that has the top of the problem to another
host it will have a problem in the performance.
So it will take the decision to leave.
Does your machine work and running.
That's a moderated degraded host but in a situation when you find that the hosts have a severely Fylde
problem here in McGlade are the virtual machine inside that host and use it in another host.
That's me.
Hey we'll give you the ability but the performance will be down in this situation even if there are
are overloading in other hosts they will migrate to the spiritual machine to other holes in a situation
we have a severely fide host.
So you will have the availability of a virtual machine but the performance will be a little lower than
the first one.
This one concentrates on the performance lets me give the vitriol machine inside file it hosts.
But in this situation it will migrate to the video machine to give you the ability.
Then we have the option to maintenance mode for Filer's will migrate all the virtual machine from the
host and place.
E6 I host in maintenance mode this option will ensure virtual machine do not run on partially sighted
Haast.
In this situation even we have a partially sighted host that mean small problem in the host when McGees
on the virtual machine to other host no matter the situation of the hostile Carcetti or severely it
will degrade the virtual machine to the other host.
And we put this horse in the maintenance mode.
You know do a this model when you put a horse in a moment in this mode this pulse is out of service
and gets an interrogation to the administrator that this host is in the maintenance mode to make the
solution or the fixation to this house.
So this is the option that we have simply the current mode.
Meant not new virtual machine additions on the host.
It will keep only division machines that exist inside this without adding any new virtual machine.
So the DNS will eliminate this horse for the balance when he makes its own calculation for the balance
of the cluster.
It would eliminate this horse from the calculation.
They it most give virtual machine running on the horse for moderated filer but it will migrate virtual
machine for server file and then we have the maintenance mode.
This will McGinty's all the virtual machine from the host and blast a host into the maintenance mob.
So this is a different option that we have.
We chose automatically if we want to use the proxy file or we chose this one.
Then we decide which one we have if we have more hosts available we always choose Menton a small because
we have a lot of holes for example that huge environments if we have our media environment we chose
this one because we try to keep using the Holst's until we have a severely virus.
Then we migrate the host if we have a smal environment that's mean we know that if we McGeary to the
virtual machine from that house to another host we'll have an overloading in the cluster.
Then when we have a problem.
So for that we chose to put only the current in mode and keep our work.
So it's information about the situation of your one.
Then we have another option rated do proxy of heights availability provider.
This is the plugin that is monitoring the health of the server.
This one.
You get it from the sales support that's mean if you buy our server from HP you can contact each beat
to give you the plugin.
Then you added to the server and you'll see a list of plugging great hair that exist in this data center.
For example the first one is HP.
Reversal we see a plugging of HP didn't we have another set.
But then we see the plugging of then etc..
So we see the difference plugging right here and the filer condition block it some action.
This is Applegate's.
You can get it for almost free for from two different vonder.
I don't know if there are some vonder whole ask you to pay for it but I think I'll want to give this
plugging for free.
You added to the different cost then you enable it to track any filer.
Of course the striation we're not going to work if you don't have our blocking for monitoring to healthy
of the host.
So this is the proxy of hides filers and the response.
So next we'll discover more future.